[MUSIC PLAYING]
WIM VANDERBAUWHEDE: Hi,
and welcome to week five
of the Haskell course.
As Larry Wall once said,
one of the main virtues
of the programmer is laziness.
Laziness is also a key
feature of Haskell.
And this week, you will learn
what laziness and strictness
really mean.
So far, we have used
types in our programs
but we have actually
glossed over the details.
And in Haskell, types are
a really essential part
of the language and the type
system is very powerful.
This week, you will learn about
function types, type variables,
and type classes.
We will also show
you Haskell can
infer the types of
expressions in a program
so that you don't have to
provide the type information
for every single expression.
Enjoy and see you next week.
[MUSIC PLAYING]